[DirectX] Documenting Root Signature Binary representation (#131011)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/DirectX/DXContainer.rst

#. `PSV0`_ - Stores Pipeline State Validation data.
#. RDAT† - Stores Runtime Data.
#. RDEF\* - Stores resource definitions.
#. `RTS0`_ - Stores compiled root signature.

> #. `SFI0`_ - Stores shader feature flags.

Reviewer: It's odd that the order here doesn't match the order of the sections later. Probably makes sense to insert the new content right before the SFI0 section rather than right after.

column of an output. A value of 1 means the output is impacted by the primitive
input.

Root Signature (RTS0) Part
--------------------------
.. _RTS0:

The Root Signature data defines the shader's resource interface with Direct3D 
12, specifying what resources the shader needs to access and how they're 
organized and bound to the pipeline. 

The RTS0 part comprises three data structures: ``RootSignatureHeader``, 
``RootParameters`` and ``StaticSamplers``. The details of each will be described 
in the following sections. All ``RootParameters`` will be serialized following 

> the order they were defined in the metadata representation.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if this is applicable here, but there are limits to the size of the root signatureI, [specified here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct3d12/root-signature-limits#memory-limits-and-costs). Not sure if that implies that there are limits to the size of this binary format?

Author: That can be a future validation, since this is a limitation dx12 runtime. But currently, this is not something DXC checks when serializing root signatures.

Reviewer: Does the validator (dxv) catch root signatures that are over the limit? In any case, we should make sure we have an issue to add validation that we're not allowing root signatures that go over this limit.

Root Signature Header
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The root signature header is 24 bytes long, consisting of six 32 bit values 
representing the version, number and offset of parameters, number and offset 
of static samplers, and a flags field for global behaviours:

.. code-block:: c

   struct RootSignatureHeader {
     uint32_t Version;
     uint32_t NumParameters;
     uint32_t ParametersOffset;
     uint32_t NumStaticSamplers;
     uint32_t StaticSamplerOffset;
     uint32_t Flags;
   }

> Root Parameters
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> Root parameters define how resources are bound to the shader pipeline, each 

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
Root Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Root parameters define how resources are bound to the shader pipeline, each 
```

type having different size and fields. 

Each slot of root parameters is preceded by 12 bytes, three 32 bit values, 
representing the parameter type, a flag encoding the pipeline stages where 

> the data is visible, and an offset calculated from the start of RTS0 section.

Author: Checking [DXC source code](https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/blob/b2bcf21a62566fed959a9091abb6ace4751071f2/lib/DxilRootSignature/DxilRootSignatureSerializer.cpp#L206), I am not 100% sure how this is layout, because the [logic used to calculate the Offset is confusing](https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/blob/b2bcf21a62566fed959a9091abb6ace4751071f2/lib/DxilRootSignature/DxilRootSignatureSerializer.cpp#L122), but my understanding is headers are contiguous and then index into a single blob of data for all the parameters. At least that is how the data [appears to be read in DXC](https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/blob/b2bcf21a62566fed959a9091abb6ace4751071f2/lib/DxilRootSignature/DxilRootSignatureSerializer.cpp#L372).

I will update the text to reflect this.

.. code-block:: c

   struct RootParameterHeader {
     uint32_t ParameterType;
     uint32_t ShaderVisibility;
     uint32_t ParameterOffset;
   };

The following sections will describe each of the root parameters types and their 
encodings.

> Root Constants

Reviewer 2: If you deem worthwhile, we could add the parameter type enum value. Something like:
```suggestion
Root Constants: ParameterType  = 0u
```

''''''''''''''

Root constants are values passed directly to shaders without needing a constant
buffer. It is a 12 bytes long structure, two 32 bit values encoding the register 
and space the constant is assigned to, and one 32 bit value encoding the 

> constant value.

Reviewer 2: The definition of `Value` seems wrong to me. The `RootConstants` should be used to pass a contiguous block of memory consisting of `num32BitConstants` 32-bit values.

I would guess `Value` should actually denote how many elements there are.

Author: Updated to follow the same [definition as DX12](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct3d12/root-signatures-overview#root-constants-descriptors-and-tables)

.. code-block:: c

  struct RootConstants {
    uint32_t Register;
    uint32_t Space;
    uint32_t Value;
  };

Root Descriptor
'''''''''''''''

Root descriptors provide direct GPU memory addresses to resources.

In version 1.0, the root descriptor is 8 bytes. It encodes the register and
space as 2 32-bit values.

In version 1.1, the root descriptor is 12 bytes. It matches the 1.0 descriptor
but adds a 32-bit access flag.

> Version 1.0 doesn't contain the flags available in version 1.1.

Reviewer: Looks like you didn't have a chance to address this one yet.

> Version 1.0 doesn't contain the flags available in version 1.1.

Author: Sorry, thought this was gone in the latest pr, address it in the most recent changes

.. code-block:: c

   struct RootDescriptor_V1_0 {
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
   };
   
   struct RootDescriptor_V1_1 {
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;      
      uint32_t Flags;
   };

> Root Descriptor Table
> '''''''''''''''''''''
> Descriptor tables let shaders access multiple resources through a single pointer 

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
Root Descriptor Table
'''''''''''''''''''''

Descriptor tables let shaders access multiple resources through a single pointer 
```

to a descriptor heap. 

> The tables are made of a collection of descriptor ranges. In Version 1.0, the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tables are made of an array of descriptor ranges. In Version 1.0, the 
```
nit: imo array is less vague and implies they are contiguous

Author: I agree with @bogner, that using `an array`, imply that they have a fixed size, which is not the case for the binary representation.

      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
      uint32_t OffsetInDescriptorsFromTableStart;
   };

   struct DescriptorRange_V1_1 {
      dxbc::DescriptorRangeType RangeType;
      uint32_t NumDescriptors;
      uint32_t BaseShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
      uint32_t OffsetInDescriptorsFromTableStart;      
      uint32_t Flags;
   };

Static Samplers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Static samplers are predefined filtering settings built into the root signature, 
avoiding descriptor heap lookups. 

This section also has a variable size, since it can contain multiple static 
samplers definitions. However, the definition is a fixed sized struct, 
containing 13 32-byte fields of various enum, float, and integer values. 

.. code-block:: c

   struct StaticSamplerDesc {
      FilterMode Filter; 
      TextureAddressMode AddressU;
      TextureAddressMode AddressV;
      TextureAddressMode AddressW;
      float MipLODBias;
      uint32_t MaxAnisotropy;
      ComparisonFunc ComparisonFunc; 
      StaticBorderColor BorderColor;
      float MinLOD;
      float MaxLOD;
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
      ShaderVisibility ShaderVisibility;
   };

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

column of an output. A value of 1 means the output is impacted by the primitive
input.

Root Signature (RTS0) Part
--------------------------
.. _RTS0:

The Root Signature data defines the shader's resource interface with Direct3D 
12, specifying what resources the shader needs to access and how they're 
organized and bound to the pipeline. 

The RTS0 part comprises three data structures: ``RootSignatureHeader``, 
``RootParameters`` and ``StaticSamplers``. The details of each will be described 
in the following sections. All ``RootParameters`` will be serialized following 
the order they were defined in the metadata representation.

> The table bellow sumarizes the data being serialized as well as it's size. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below summarizes the data being serialized as well as it's size. The 
```

details of it part will be discussed in further details on the next sections 
of this document.

======================== =========================================== =============================
Part Name                Size In Bytes                                 Maximum number of Instances 
======================== =========================================== =============================
Root Signature Header    24                                          1               
Root Parameter Headers   12                                          Many              
Root Parameter           ================================ ===        Many
                         Root Constants                   12                                      

>                          Root Descriptor Version 1.0      08                                      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                         Root Descriptor Version 1.0       8                                      
```

.. code-block:: c

   struct DescriptorRange_V1_0 {
      uint_32t RangeType;
      uint32_t NumDescriptors;
      uint32_t BaseShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
      uint32_t OffsetInDescriptorsFromTableStart;
   };

   struct DescriptorRange_V1_1 {
      dxbc::DescriptorRangeType RangeType;
      uint32_t NumDescriptors;
      uint32_t BaseShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
      uint32_t OffsetInDescriptorsFromTableStart;      
      // Bitfield of flags from the Flags enum
      uint32_t Flags;
   };

Static Samplers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Static samplers are predefined filtering settings built into the root signature, avoiding descriptor heap lookups. 

This section also has a variable size. The size is 68 bytes long, containing the following fields: 32 bits for a 
filter mode, three 32 bit fields for texture address mode, 64 bits for the bias value of minmap level calculation, 
32 bits for maximum anisotropy level, 32 bits for the comparison function type, 32 bits for the static border colour, 
two 64 bit fields for the min and max level of detail, two 32 bit fields for the register number and space and finally 

> 32 bits for the shader visibility flag.

Reviewer: This doesn't look quite right:

1. You say the section has a variable size, but then describe a fixed layout. Which is it?
2. The description doesn't match the code block - MipLODBias, MinLOD, and MaxLOD are all floats below but listed as 64 bit fields here.

I also think describing each field in a paragraph like this gets a bit muddled. It might be better to simply say that the structure consists of 13 32-byte fields (as it appears to, assuming the 64-bit mentions in the text above are mistakes) of various enum, float, and integer values and let the names of the fields in the code block speak for themselves.

The SFI0 part encodes a 64-bit unsigned integer bitmask of the feature flags.
This denotes which optional features the shader requires. The flag values are
defined in `llvm/include/llvm/BinaryFormat/DXContainerConstants.def <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/main/llvm/include/llvm/BinaryFormat/DXContainerConstants.def>`_.

Root Signature (RTS0) Part
--------------------------
.. _RTS0:

The Root Signature defines the interface between the shader and the pipeline, 
specifying which resources are bound to the shader and how they are accessed. 
This structure serves as a contract between the application and the GPU, 
establishing a layout for resource binding that both the shader compiler and 
the runtime can understand.

The Root Signature consists of a header followed by a collection of root parameters 

> and static samplers. The structure uses a versioned design with offset-based references 

Author: That is the usual pattern I've followed, but it is not necessarily always the case. Root Parameters and static samplers definitions are located using an offset with relation to the start of the RTS0 part. That mean that there is no strict order between parameters and static samplers. The only rule is that they should be after the root signature header.

Root Signature Header
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: c

   struct RootSignatureHeader {
     uint32_t Version;
     uint32_t NumParameters;
     uint32_t ParametersOffset;
     uint32_t NumStaticSamplers;
     uint32_t StaticSamplerOffset;
     uint32_t Flags;
   }

The `RootSignatureHeader` structure contains the top-level information about a root signature:

#. **Version**: Specifies the version of the root signature format. This allows for backward 
   compatibility as the format evolves.
#. **NumParameters**: The number of root parameters contained in this root signature.
#. **ParametersOffset**: Byte offset from the beginning of RST0 section to the array of root 
   parameters header.
#. **NumStaticSamplers**: The number of static samplers defined in the root signature.
#. **StaticSamplerOffset**: Byte offset to the array of static samplers.
#. **Flags**: Bit flags that define global behaviors for the root signature, such as whether 
   to deny vertex shader access to certain resources.

This header allows readers to navigate the binary representation of the root signature by 
providing counts and offsets to locate each component within the serialized data.

> Root Parameter Header

Reviewer 2: I think we should restructure this so that the Root Parameter header is a sub-section of Root Parameter. So a Root Parameter consists of a header and the root parameter structure. This is more in-line with the intros description of "a collection of root parameters"

Author: The root parameter header is unique, so you will have a single header followed by multiple parameters.

   }

   // Version 1.0 Root Descriptor
   struct RootDescriptor_V1_0 {
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
   };
   
   // Version 1.1 Root Descriptor
   struct RootDescriptor_V1_1 {
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;      
      // Bitfield of flags from the Flags enum
      uint32_t Flags;
   };

Version 1.1 of Root Descriptors has introduced some flags that can hint the drivers into
performing further code optimizations. For details, check
`Direct X documentation <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct3d12/root-signature-version-1-1#static-and-volatile-flags>`_.

Version 1.0 Root Descriptor
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''
The Version 1.0 RootDescriptor_V1_0 provides basic resource binding:

#. **ShaderRegister**: The shader register where the descriptor is bound.
#. **RegisterSpace**: The register space used for the binding.

Version 1.1 Root Descriptor
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''
The Version 1.1 RootDescriptor_V1_1 extends the base structure with the following additional fields:

#. **Flags**: Provides additional metadata about the descriptor's usage pattern.

Root Descriptor Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Descriptor tables function as containers that hold references to descriptors in descriptor heaps. 

Reviewer 2: Can we specify what the order of layout is here. Is the `RootDescriptorTable` struct also first/last? Can it be in any order? Is there any enforced order on the `DescriptorRange`s (I assume no but that is also noteworthy)

     uint32_t StaticSamplerOffset;
     uint32_t Flags;
   }

The `RootSignatureHeader` structure contains the top-level information about a root signature:

#. **Version**: Specifies the version of the root signature format. This allows for backward 
   compatibility as the format evolves.
#. **NumParameters**: The number of root parameters contained in this root signature.
#. **ParametersOffset**: Byte offset from the beginning of RST0 section to the array of root 
   parameters header.
#. **NumStaticSamplers**: The number of static samplers defined in the root signature.
#. **StaticSamplerOffset**: Byte offset to the array of static samplers.
#. **Flags**: Bit flags that define global behaviors for the root signature, such as whether 
   to deny vertex shader access to certain resources.

This header allows readers to navigate the binary representation of the root signature by 
providing counts and offsets to locate each component within the serialized data.

Root Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Root signatures parameters are split into a header section containing the parameter type, 
shader visibility and its offset, and a data section. The parameters don't need to follow 

> any specific order. Root parameters define the interface elements that shaders can access. 

Reviewer 2: Imo saying "the order doesn't matter" is equivalent to "swapping the order of root parameters will describe the same root signature". Which I don't think is true (the default `offset` being append).

Maybe we can note this implication of ordering?

Happy to be wrong. I might not be looking at it from the right lens of copying over the data from offline chat. To me it does feel like this behaviour should be noted tho

Reviewer: Some description about what, if anything, the ordering of the root paramters implies (and an explicit mention of the "append" offset) seems like it would be useful.

      };
      
      // Bitfield of flags from the Flags enum
      uint32_t Flags;
   };

   struct RootDescriptorTable {
      uint32_t NumDescriptorRanges;      
      uint32_t DescriptorRangesOffset;  
   };

Descriptor Range Version 1.0
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The Version 1.0 ``DescriptorRange_V1_0`` provides basic descriptor range definition:

#. **RangeType**: Type of descriptors (CBV, SRV, UAV, or Sampler)
#. **NumDescriptors**: Number of descriptors in the range
#. **BaseShaderRegister**: First shader register in the range
#. **RegisterSpace**: Register space for the range
#. **OffsetInDescriptorsFromTableStart**: Offset from the descriptor heap start

Descriptor Range Version 1.1
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The Version 1.1 DescriptorRange_V1_1 extends the base structure with performance optimization flags.

#. **Flags**: Provide additional information about the descriptors and enable further driver optimizations.
   For details, check `Direct X documentation <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct3d12/root-signature-version-1-1#static-and-volatile-flags>`_.

Root Descriptor Table Structure
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> RootDescriptorTable provides basic table structure:

Reviewer 2: I think it would also be helpful to include the offline chat description here about how it defines a contiguous region of descriptor ranges as the table

#. **NumDescriptorRanges**: Number of descriptor ranges

> #. **DescriptorRangesOffset**: Offset to descriptor range array

Reviewer 2: nit: move the struct definition to here

The SFI0 part encodes a 64-bit unsigned integer bitmask of the feature flags.
This denotes which optional features the shader requires. The flag values are
defined in `llvm/include/llvm/BinaryFormat/DXContainerConstants.def <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/main/llvm/include/llvm/BinaryFormat/DXContainerConstants.def>`_.

Root Signature (RTS0) Part
--------------------------
.. _RTS0:

The Root Signature defines the interface between the shader and the pipeline, 
specifying which resources are bound to the shader and how they are accessed. 
This structure serves as a contract between the application and the GPU, 
establishing a layout for resource binding that both the shader compiler and 

> the runtime can understand.

Reviewer: These two sentences feel very redundant with one another, and neither really has a lot of content. The first says this defines an interface and the second literally defines what an interface is. Something like "The root signature part describes how resources are bound to the shader pipeline" is both more direct and clearer.

The Root Signature consists of a header followed by an array of root parameters 
and an array of static samplers. The structure uses a versioned design with 
offset-based references to allow for flexible serialization and deserialization. 
One consequence of using an offset-based reference is that root parameters and 

> static samplers don't need to follow any specific ordering logic.

Reviewer: Calling the root parameters and static samplers "arrays" implies that they have fixed sizes, but at the very least root parameters do not. I also find the discussion of the versioning scheme and order independence here a bit random at this point in the document.

I think it might be clearer to say that the root signature part consists of three sections - a header that provides version information and offsets to the other parts, a parameters part that describes root parameters, and a samplers part that describes static samplers.

Root Signature Header
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: c

   struct RootSignatureHeader {
     uint32_t Version;
     uint32_t NumParameters;
     uint32_t ParametersOffset;
     uint32_t NumStaticSamplers;
     uint32_t StaticSamplerOffset;
     uint32_t Flags;
   }

The `RootSignatureHeader` structure contains the top-level information about a root signature:

#. **Version**: Specifies the version of the root signature format. This allows for backward 
   compatibility as the format evolves.
#. **NumParameters**: The number of root parameters contained in this root signature.
#. **ParametersOffset**: Byte offset from the beginning of RST0 section to the array of root 
   parameters header.
#. **NumStaticSamplers**: The number of static samplers defined in the root signature.
#. **StaticSamplerOffset**: Byte offset to the array of static samplers.
#. **Flags**: Bit flags that define global behaviors for the root signature, such as whether 

>    to deny vertex shader access to certain resources.

Reviewer: It's probably fine, but I wonder if showing an example C structure followed by the list of fields is overly verbose here. What do you think of simply describing the header in a sentence and then illustrating with a C struct, like

> The root signature header is 24 bytes long, consisting of six 32 bit values representing the version, number and offset of parameters, number and offset of static samplers, and a flags field for global behaviours:
>
> .. code-block:: c
> ...

This header allows readers to navigate the binary representation of the root signature by 

> providing counts and offsets to locate each component within the serialized data.

Reviewer: This is just defining a header - I don't think it's necessary

Root Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Root signatures parameters are split into a header section containing the parameter type, 
shader visibility and its offset, and a data section. The parameters don't need to follow 
any specific order. Root parameters define the interface elements that shaders can access. 
Each parameter can be one of several types, including descriptor tables, constants, or 
descriptors for different resource types.

Root Parameter Header
'''''''''''''''''''''

.. code-block:: c

   struct RootParameterHeader {
     dxbc::RootParameterType ParameterType;

>      dxbc::ShaderVisibility ShaderVisibility;

Reviewer: We're describing a binary format, not C. An enum in C does not necessarily map to 32 bits, so we should really be explicit about the size of the data here. This is a 32-bit value describing the parameter type (from a binary format point of view), not an enum of type RootParameterType.

Also, as above, I think having a description of what the values in a root paramter header are before we bother showing the example C struct would make this easier to follow.

     uint32_t ParameterOffset;
   };

Each root parameter in the signature is preceded by a `RootParameterHeader` that describes 
the parameter's basic attributes:

#. **ParameterType**: Enumeration indicating what type of parameter this is (e.g., descriptor 
   table, constants, CBV, SRV, UAV).
#. **ShaderVisibility**: Specifies which shader stages can access this parameter (e.g., all stages, 

>    vertex shader only, pixel shader only).

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to explain the full set of parameter types and possible visibilities in the top level description of root parameters. Then this can simply refer back to that and say we describe the parameter type and visibility and we don't need the "e.g." for each of these.

#. **ParameterOffset**: Byte offset to the specific parameter data structure 
   for this entry.

The header uses a parameter type field rather than encoding the version of the parameter through 

> size, allowing for a more explicit representation of the parameter's nature.

Reviewer: I have no idea what this sentence means.

   enum RootDescriptorFlags {
      None = 0,
      DataVolatile = 0x2,
      DataStaticWhileSetAtExecute = 0x4,
      DataStatic = 0x8,
   }

   // Version 1.0 Root Descriptor
   struct RootDescriptor_V1_0 {
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
   };
   
   // Version 1.1 Root Descriptor
   struct RootDescriptor_V1_1 {
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;      
      // Bitfield of flags from the Flags enum
      uint32_t Flags;
   };

Version 1.1 of Root Descriptors has introduced some flags that can hint the drivers into
performing further code optimizations. For details, check
`Direct X documentation <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct3d12/root-signature-version-1-1#static-and-volatile-flags>`_.

Version 1.0 Root Descriptor
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The Version 1.0 RootDescriptor_V1_0 provides basic resource binding:

#. **ShaderRegister**: The shader register where the descriptor is bound.
#. **RegisterSpace**: The register space used for the binding.

Version 1.1 Root Descriptor
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The Version 1.1 RootDescriptor_V1_1 extends the base structure with the following additional fields:

> #. **Flags**: Provides additional metadata about the descriptor's usage pattern.

Reviewer: Given that version 1.1 only seems to have added a flags field, I think it might be clearer to describe the 1.1 format and then have a note about the flags that it wasn't present in 1.0

#. **NumDescriptorRanges**: Number of descriptor ranges
#. **DescriptorRangesOffset**: Offset to descriptor range array

Static Samplers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Static samplers provide a way to define fixed sampler states within the root signature itself.

.. code-block:: cpp

   struct StaticSamplerDesc {
      FilterMode Filter;
      TextureAddressMode AddressU;
      TextureAddressMode AddressV;
      TextureAddressMode AddressW;
      float MipLODBias;
      uint32_t MaxAnisotropy;
      ComparisonFunc ComparisonFunc;
      StaticBorderColor BorderColor;
      float MinLOD;
      float MaxLOD;
      uint32_t ShaderRegister;
      uint32_t RegisterSpace;
      ShaderVisibility ShaderVisibility;
   };

> The StaticSamplerDesc structure defines all properties of a static sampler:

Reviewer 3: Do you think it would make sense to remove all of these lines and instead just link to the top of the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/d3d12/ns-d3d12-d3d12_static_sampler_desc page?

Although, that link could break one day.

Author: The intention here is to document the binary of root signatures inside dxcontainer, one of such parts is static samplers. Although, those currently the DX12 representation and the compiler representation are the same, that might not be the case in the future. For example, if we decide to change this representation or if DX12 decide to change this representation. Therefore, I think this duplication might be okay IMHO.

Reviewer 3: Does that mean that this struct will be defined in [.../BinaryFormat/DXContainer.h](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/main/llvm/include/llvm/BinaryFormat/DXContainer.h) ?

Author: Yes. DXC has similar structs as well

Reviewer: This references a lot of types that aren't defined in this document. As a description of a binary format it really needs to discuss the sizes and layout of things more so than what the things are for.
